bpo-46080: Fix crash when argparse.BooleanOptionalAction is used with default=argparse.SUPPRESS and help specified (#30111)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-12-15-06-29-00.bpo-46080.AuQpLt.rst

> No longer crashes on help text composition if :class:`argparse.BooleanOptionalAction`'s default is ``argparse.SUPPRESS`` and ``help`` is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix exception in argparse help text generation if a
:class:`argparse.BooleanOptionalAction` argument's default is
``argparse.SUPPRESS`` and it has ``help`` specified.  Patch by Felix Fontain.
```

Author: That sounds much better, thanks!
